Hey there.
Great to see that you're still with me in this project.
Now it's time to build the user reviews.
And so, we're just gonna continue using and practicing
our flexbox skills in this lecture.
And this is what the reviews look like.
So, each review has this white box here
with a text on the top and then the user image,
the name, the date and the rating of this user.
Then also we have like this quote symbol here
in the top to make it look a bit better.
And we're also gonna put that here in the end.
But for now, let's focus on this review box here.
Okay, so let's start with the HTML once more.
And it's down here in the user reviews box.
So, review.
And each of these small review boxes
will be one review component.
So review, and then in there we have the review text.
And actually I don't want to use development here.
But I want to use a figure.
So the figure HTML5 element.
And actually, figures in HTML5 are perfect for reviews.
So some people think that figures
are only for pictures or for images,
but that's not really true.
Figures are great for some text and descriptions
of the images.
And so, a figure is perfect here for our review.
Now, in here, let's use the block quote element now.
Because in fact review is like a quote from the person.
And so, block quote is a perfect HTML5
element for this case.
So, review, text is what I want to call it.
And then once again let's get a text here
from our text file.
And then paste it here.
And then we have the fake caption.
Which is called review user.
And this is basically the container
which will hold the user's image,
the name, the date, and the rating.
Right, so first the image called review photo.
And this is the user one right now.
So, user one.
So, the image, and now we need a box
which is then gonna hold the name and the date.
So just a div review
user box is what I'm calling this one.
So this box basically is like a box here
like this which holds then the name and the date.
So I'm gonna put these two in paragraphs.
Review user name, and the first one is called Nick Smith.
And then review
user date.
February 23rd,
2017.
All right, and then finally we have the rating.
And this guy gave 7.8 out of 10.
So a pretty good hotel apparently.
Okay, and that's it for the review.
So again, we have the text, then we have the user
containing the photo, the name
and the date.
And then we have the rating as well.
All right, so, that is one review.
And then we have another one.
So let's get the text for that one.
And we can now close it.
From Mary Thomas.
Now I'm gonna use this short cut here again
for expanding the selection.
September 13th, 2017.
And the rating she gave was 9.3.
Okay, so that is our markup.
Let's take a look at that.
Actually, we forgot to change image here.
So this one is user two.
Okay, so that's better.
So, let's now go to our components here,
and then start dialing all of that.
So, reviews.
Now, first of all, let's get rid here of course
of this background color.
And now the review.
Once more, I'm gonna start by putting
all of the selectors here.
So, the text,
the review user.
Then the review photo.
And let's see what else we have.
So, text, user photo.
And then we have the user box, user name,
user date and rating.
So, user box.
User name.
User date, and finally the rating.
So let's start here with the review.
Give it a background color of white.
And we also wanted to have the box shadow
like the other box.
And so, remember that we already declared
a variable for that, and that one is called shadow light.
We wanted to have a padding of three rim,
and a margin at the bottom of three rim.
Well, let's put 3.5 actually to give it more
breathing space here.
Okay.
So that should look pretty good already.
All right, now let's just make the image here
smaller and round already so that it doesn't
occupy so much space.
And I want a height and width of 4.5 rem.
And, of course, make them round.
Right, now as for the font size,
let's actually define it on the parent element
so that all of these texts here
can then inherent that.
So let's set that to 14 pixels,
and we can do that here in the user reviews.
So, font size 1.4.
And instead of having it here in both the description
and the user reviews, we can actually put it
on the parent of both of these.
And that is here, the detail.
Okay, so now we say that the detail container
should have 1.4 font size and then all the elements
in both the description and the user reviews
are going to inherit that.
So let's actually take that out.
And yep, so here we go.
Now, next up, we should format
all of this content here.
So we want it to look like this.
And now I think it's time for a small challenge for you.
So I want you to pause the video
and try to format this on yourself, okay?
So of course you're going to use flexbox,
but I want you to try it out for yourself
to use these properties and use everything you've learned
so far to format this content to look
like we have it here.
So that shouldn't be all too difficult.
So please pause the video right now.
And I'll be waiting for you.
All right, did you manage to get that to work?
Well, I'm gonna give you the solution right now.
So let's see if you did it the same way as I did it.
So, first of all, what should be our flex container?
And, of course, that's the user element.
Right, so the review user.
So, display flex, and then since we're here,
we can already align the items vertically.
Okay, so align items, center.
So that will already make a huge difference.
Okay, now let's just give this paragraph here
some margin to the bottom.
So, margin bottom to rim.
So that's better.
Now, the next step is to just basically
push this part here so the rating
all the way to the right side.
Okay, so how did you manage to do that?
Well, I hope it was with margin auto.
Okay, so just like this.
Margin, and actually margin right,
set to auto.
Because remember that the user box is exactly that.
So user box is the element containing
both the name and the date.
So we want the image, then we want the user box.
And then we want that space so that the rating
is pushed all the way to the right side.
And so, on user box, we set margin right to auto.
Okay, and so, that's exactly what we want here.
So just a little bit of flexbox.
And that's already enough to make everything
look like this.
Now, all we need is some margin
to the right of this image here
and then a little formatting here on the text.
But that shouldn't be all too hard as well.
So, photo just a small margin to the right.
Like 1.5 rem.
And now the user name.
We want it to have a font size of 1.1 rem.
And a font weight of 600 in order to make it bold.
All right, also the text transform should be
to upper case and a small margin to the bottom.
Just like four pixels.
Then the user date,
font size of one rem, so 10 pixels,
and a slightly lighter color.
So, color, gray, dark, three.
And finally the rating.
So remember that this one has our pink color,
a bigger font size, so 2.2 rem, for example.
And then a smaller font, white, of course,
to compensate that okay,
and that should be really good already.
And, yeah, it is.
So, that looks pretty great I think, right?
And so, we're already almost done here.
Actually, let me just show you what's missing here.
And that is this quotation mark here.
So this big, huge quotation mark.
And actually, we will do this with a before pseudoelement.
So, not being in the HTML, but just in a CSS.
All right, so we make a pseudoelement here
before the review.
So we can put it here right at the end.
And before.
So this will just create a small element.
And now the content that we want here
is not empty.
But instead we want it to have that quotation mark.
And so, in here, we now have to use
one of these special symbols like an HTML entity.
Okay, now, it works slightly different in CSS.
But let me show you to you.
So, let's look for a table of these HTML entities.
And the one I like is from CSS tricks.
Let me see if I find it here somewhere.
Let me put it here actually.
And so, probably it's this one here.
Yeah, exactly, so this one here's the one
that I have on my reference page.
Okay, so if you want the link to that one,
you can just check out my reference page
at jonas.io, right?
So, down here somewhere, we have the quotation mark.
Well, where is it?
Now we have the Greek symbols.
So, you see there are a lot of symbols available.
And here, so actually this here is the one
that we want, all right?
And so, you see that in HTML,
we use it like this here.
So this code, or of course this here, so left
double quotation mark, with just the name
of the symbol.
Now, in CSS, we do it slightly different,
as I was saying, because we use this ISO number.
And the ISO number for this is this one.
So all we have to do is to copy this number here
to get the symbol.
So we can now close this actually.
Or I'm just gonna leave it open.
And, yeah, here we go.
So let's take a look at that in our markup actually.
And so, yeah, here we go, so it's already there.
Now, of course, it shouldn't look like this.
So we have to do some changes to that obviously.
So we're gonna position this one with absolute positioning
right in the corner of the element.
So, position absolute.
And then never forget to define the position
on the parent as well.
So, position relative here.
Then, from the top, let's move it two rem up
and to the right, let's move it one rem to the left side.
Okay, so in the negative direction.
We're gonna play around with that later
to position it in the correct position.
But for now let's increase it at that.
Then we should also increase the font size
because it was really small.
So like 20 rem.
And it should have a lighter color.
So, color gray,
light two.
And let's see how it looks like right now.
Oh, so it's right here now.
So something is not really right.
Let's just inspect this element.
All right, whoa, what's going on here?
So you see that it's huge, first of all.
And that's because of the line height of this element.
So we should really set it to one or zero.
And also the problem is that I set it here
from the right, and it should of course be
on the left side.
Plus, you can see that this is not really
looking the way we want.
And so, first of all, let's change that.
So, the font family.
And let's just set it to a sans serif font.
Because right now it's inheriting
our open sans font.
But that doesn't really look so great.
Let's just use the default sans serif font
on the browser.
Now, next up, as I was saying,
let's decrease the line height here
to one, and then here of course it should be left
and not right.
Okay, so that's already looking much better.
Let's take a look at this one.
And actually it should be a bit more up.
Okay, so, let's do that.
So top, let's say like 0.75
and see if it moves up a bit like that.
All right, and it does.
And now just two small problems,
you see that it's overflowing the box here, first of all.
So it's moving outside of the box.
And we of course don't want that.
And the second problem is that it's also
on top of this text.
And so, we can fix that with a Z index.
So let's, first of all, set a smaller Z index on this one.
So one, and then on the text, a higher Z index.
Z index of 10.
And never forget the Z index only works
if you set the position.
Okay, no matter what it is, you have to set
the position, until we're simply using relative here.
Now, about their overflowing parts,
that's also very easy to fix.
So, we did that before a couple of times.
All we have to do is set overflow to hidden.
And so, now these two problems should be fixed.
And here we go, now it works.
It's no longer overflowing, and the text is on top
of the icon, of this small symbol.
Okay, and so, it looks great.
All that's missing now really is this button here
with this hover effect.
So, you have this small effect where
as soon as you hover it, it creates a small space
between the show all and this arrow here.
So let's go do that and add that small button to our HTML.
And actually we already colored up that button.
So it shouldn't be a lot of work.
Now, where did we put this one?
So figure, figure, yeah, so here after this figure.
So, button, and then remember that we
called it button inline.
Show all, and now that small arrow that I showed you.
And this one should be inside of a span element.
And that's simply because we then want
to have that small animation effect that I showed you
where the text moves away from the arrow.
So, the HTML symbol for that arrow is
arr and then R, or right arrow.
So let's check that one out.
And so, here we go.
Now all we have to do is of course center it.
But let's leave that for a bit later.
And so, what we want to focus on now
is that hover effect.
So, let's go back to our components and to that button,
which is here, and then code it up.
So, we basically have a span in there.
And all that this span needs
is just a small margin to the left side.
So like three pixels, for example.
Okay, and then as soon as we hover the element.
So, hover and then span.
And actually we could put it here in this one, right?
So when this one is hovered here,
then the span that is in there should increase
its margin left to, let's say, eight pixels.
And so, now again since these are really small numbers,
I'm just using pixels here and not really
focusing on rem.
Now all we have to do is animate this.
So transition of 0.2 seconds and that's it.
We should now be good to go.
So let's try that out.
And, yeah, it's happening.
Now, what's not working 100% here
is changing the color when we hover.
So, first the animation happens where it moves,
and only then the color of the span changes.
So take a look at that.
So that's a bit weird.
So let's take a look at what's going on here.
Maybe we should just change this all here to margin left.
Okay, 'cause we already have this all up here.
So maybe that's making this weird behavior happening.
And, yeah, it's better now.
Now all we have left to do is to center
this button here in this container.
So how could we do that?
Well, the easiest way would probably be to just set
text align to center on the container.
So, let me show that to you and show you why
this is not really where we want to go.
So, text align,
center.
And so, the button is centered, but so is
all of this text here.
Because this property is inherited by all of these elements.
And so, now all of them have their text centered.
So that's not really the best solution.
So why not use flexbox to center this element here?
We have a great property that centers stuff
along the cross axis.
And that's align items.
So all we have to do is to set
the container to flex then change the direction,
and then use align items and set it to center.
And then it's going to are center
this button here horizontally.
Right, so let's do that.
So display, flex, and now we have to change
the direction of course.
Because if we didn't, then it would look like this.
So, that's not what we want at all.
So we want it to be one after the other.
So flex direction
column, and so that's what we want.
And so, now they are one after another once again.
Now, what you see happening here is that this element
has this huge border here at the bottom.
Going from one side to the other.
And I want you to think about why that happens.
So, can you tell why this is happening?
Well, this is something that actually has been
happening all the time.
And it's the fact that the align items property
is set to stretch because remember that right now
this is the main axis going from top to bottom.
And this is here is the cross axis.
And so, that's where the align items property is applying.
And since its default is to stretch,
this button here is not stretching all the way
from this side to this side.
So let's actually take a look at that.
And here you go.
So now it spans from the left side
to the right side because of align items,
set to stretch.
And so, that's why this is happening.
And so, let's change it to center.
So, align items.
Center.
And so, that's exactly what we want.
So now it's nicely centered once again
with the power of flexbox.
Okay, you see that this focused animation
is also happening, just the way it was happening
up here as well, right?
And so, now if we compare it to our original,
it looks just the same.
And so, once again, we are done with this video.
So, great, great job once again.
So we are almost finished here.
All that's left to do is to create this small
tiny section down here.
With this really cool button.
So if you're curious about how we do this hover effect here,
well, then just join me right now in the next lecture.